index.md, before:

## Portfolio

---

### Shared Wallet

👛 Have an on-chain wallet smart contract.

💸 This wallet contract can store funds and let users withdraw again.

✌️ You can also give "allowance" to other, specific user-addresses.

🚫 Restrict the functions to specific user-roles (owner, user)

🔍 Re-Use existing smart contracts which are already audited to the greatest extent

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/shared-wallet)

---

### Supply Chain Smart Contract

💡 Managed inventory payments and delivery on chain

👍🏽 Used Event-Triggers

📖 Use truffle to manage deployment workflow

🧪 Unit test using truffle

🙌 Interact with events in HTML

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/supply-chain)

---

### ERC20 Token Sale Smart contract

💲 Creation of a new cryptocurrency and token sale

🧾 Creation of a Payment-layer on top of Ethereum

🧰 Using truffle-config to deploy to multiple networks

🦸‍♂️ Implemented using Open-Zeppelin Smart Contracts

☑️ Unit-Testing using chai

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/token-sale)

---

### Smart Wallet with Interest Rate

💲 Creation of a smart wallet that pays interest

👛 Deposit eth and pay interest in a new erc20 token

🧾 React front end to interact with the smart contract

☑️ Pay the interest into the same wallet as the withdrawal

👍🏽 Uses truffle box to get set up the project

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/smart-wallet)

---

### Dockerised Bitcoin Transaction Processor

☑️  Written in node.js

💲 Read data from bitcoind’s rpc call `listsinceblock` and process valid transactions

🐳 Containerised the app usign docker and run using docker-compose

💾 Database is mongodb

📋 Mongoose model is used to store the data

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/btc-transaction-processor)

Commit message:

Added space invaders in rust

index.md, after:

## Portfolio

---
### Space invaders in rust
👽 Rust implementation of the classic arcade game

🚀 Players control their own spaceship using the keyboard.

💥 Traits are used throughout to make the code generic

👾 The aliens move faster and become increasingly difficult to defeat as the player progresses through levels.

🔥 Concurrency is used in the game using the Rust crate mpsc. This allows multiple threads to communicate with each other, leading to improved performance and faster gameplay.

### 👀 [View in GitHub]([https://github.com/tuoomz/shared-wallet](https://github.com/tuoomz/space-invaders-rust)

### Shared Wallet

👛 Have an on-chain wallet smart contract.

💸 This wallet contract can store funds and let users withdraw again.

✌️ You can also give "allowance" to other, specific user-addresses.

🚫 Restrict the functions to specific user-roles (owner, user)

🔍 Re-Use existing smart contracts which are already audited to the greatest extent

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/shared-wallet)

---

### Supply Chain Smart Contract

💡 Managed inventory payments and delivery on chain

👍🏽 Used Event-Triggers

📖 Use truffle to manage deployment workflow

🧪 Unit test using truffle

🙌 Interact with events in HTML

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/supply-chain)

---

### ERC20 Token Sale Smart contract

💲 Creation of a new cryptocurrency and token sale

🧾 Creation of a Payment-layer on top of Ethereum

🧰 Using truffle-config to deploy to multiple networks

🦸‍♂️ Implemented using Open-Zeppelin Smart Contracts

☑️ Unit-Testing using chai

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/token-sale)

---

### Smart Wallet with Interest Rate

💲 Creation of a smart wallet that pays interest

👛 Deposit eth and pay interest in a new erc20 token

🧾 React front end to interact with the smart contract

☑️ Pay the interest into the same wallet as the withdrawal

👍🏽 Uses truffle box to get set up the project

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/smart-wallet)

---

### Dockerised Bitcoin Transaction Processor

☑️  Written in node.js

💲 Read data from bitcoind’s rpc call `listsinceblock` and process valid transactions

🐳 Containerised the app usign docker and run using docker-compose

💾 Database is mongodb

📋 Mongoose model is used to store the data

### 👀 [View in GitHub](https://github.com/tuoomz/btc-transaction-processor)
